# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via semantic-kernel
aioice==0.10.1
    # via aiortc
aiortc==1.13.0
    # via semantic-kernel
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.6.0
    # via fastmcp
av==14.4.0
    # via aiortc
azure-ai-inference==1.0.0b5
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-ai-projects==1.0.0b9
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-ai-textanalytics==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-ai-translation-text==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-ai-vision-face==1.0.0b2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-ai-vision-imageanalysis==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cognitiveservices-speech==1.42.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-ai-textanalytics
    #   azure-search-documents
azure-core==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-inference
    #   azure-ai-projects
    #   azure-ai-textanalytics
    #   azure-ai-translation-text
    #   azure-ai-vision-face
    #   azure-ai-vision-imageanalysis
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-search-documents
azure-identity==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   semantic-kernel
azure-search-documents==11.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   aiortc
    #   cryptography
    #   pylibsrtp
chardet==5.2.0
    # via prance
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudevents==1.12.0
    # via semantic-kernel
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
cryptography==45.0.2
    # via
    #   aiortc
    #   authlib
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via semantic-kernel
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via cloudevents
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   aioice
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via pydantic
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via fastmcp
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastmcp==2.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via aiortc
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via mcp
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via aioice
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==9.2.0
    # via ipykernel
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-ai-inference
    #   azure-ai-projects
    #   azure-ai-textanalytics
    #   azure-ai-translation-text
    #   azure-ai-vision-face
    #   azure-ai-vision-imageanalysis
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   openapi-core
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via semantic-kernel
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.4
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
lazy-object-proxy==1.11.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mcp==1.10.1
    # via fastmcp
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via openapi-core
msal==1.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.6.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   semantic-kernel
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   scipy
    #   semantic-kernel
openai==1.90.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   semantic-kernel
openapi-core==0.19.5
    # via semantic-kernel
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via fastmcp
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.3
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.2
    # via openapi-core
opentelemetry-api==1.34.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   semantic-kernel
opentelemetry-sdk==1.34.1
    # via semantic-kernel
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.55b1
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   ipykernel
    #   prance
parse==1.20.2
    # via openapi-core
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathable==0.4.4
    # via jsonschema-path
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
prance==25.4.8.0
    # via semantic-kernel
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via semantic-kernel
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pybars4==0.9.13
    # via semantic-kernel
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   semantic-kernel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   semantic-kernel
pyee==13.0.0
    # via aiortc
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via msal
pylibsrtp==0.12.0
    # via aiortc
pymeta3==0.5.1
    # via pybars4
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via aiortc
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via mcp
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via jsonschema-path
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   msal
    #   prance
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via prance
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
scipy==1.16.0
    # via semantic-kernel
semantic-kernel==1.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sse-starlette==2.4.1
    # via mcp
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.47.1
    # via mcp
tornado==6.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.16.0
    # via fastmcp
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   azure-ai-inference
    #   azure-ai-projects
    #   azure-ai-textanalytics
    #   azure-ai-translation-text
    #   azure-ai-vision-face
    #   azure-ai-vision-imageanalysis
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   openai
    #   openapi-core
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   semantic-kernel
    #   starlette
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via mcp
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via semantic-kernel
werkzeug==3.1.1
    # via openapi-core
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
